README.md, before:

# Job Search Assist (JSA)
Browser extension to avoid seeing the same job/company listing twice

## Problem Definition
> "Ugh, I refreshed the page and am seeing the same listings!" - Me

> "I just saw this company on another site!!" - Also me

In user story form: As a job searcher, I want to avoid reading the same job/company listing twice

## Solution
A browser extension which:
- Surfaces a "Hide Company" button on supported websites
- Hides job/company listing on click, on refresh, and across all websites

TODO: Demo video goes here

## Supported Websites
- Wellfound (fka AngelList)
- Work at a Startup
- Tech Jobs for Good
- Climatebase
- Want to get support for more? [Open an issue][] or [send me an email at todd@twolfson.com](mailto:todd@twolfson.com)

[Open an issue]: https://github.com/twolfson/job-search-assist/issues

## Installation
We don't know how relatable this problem is to other people. As a result, the setup and update process is janky:

1. Install [Greasemonkey][]
    - If you are not using [Firefox][], let me know and I can add support for [Violentmonkey][]
2. Click on the "Greasemonkey" icon
3. Click "New user script..."
4. Open <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/twolfson/job-search-assist/main/script.js>
5. Copy the content into our New User Script
6. Type Ctrl+S or Cmd+S to save the script
7. Navigate to <https://www.techjobsforgood.com/> and verify the new "Hide Company" button appears

If we get enough adoption, then I can formalize this into a proper web extension (just has more upfront development effort).

[Greasemonkey]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/
[Violentmonkey]: https://violentmonkey.github.io/get-it/

## Updates
To update to the latest version:

1. Click on the "Greasemonkey" icon
2. Click on "Job Search Assist (JSA)"
3. Click on "Edit"
4. Repeat steps 4-7 from "Installation"

## Unlicense
As of May 28 2023, Todd Wolfson has released this repository and its contents to the public domain.

It has been released under the [UNLICENSE][].

[UNLICENSE]: UNLICENSE

Commit message:

Added package.json + development docs

README.md, after:

# Job Search Assist (JSA)
Browser extension to avoid seeing the same job/company listing twice

## Problem Definition
> "Ugh, I refreshed the page and am seeing the same listings!" - Me

> "I just saw this company on another site!!" - Also me

In user story form: As a job searcher, I want to avoid reading the same job/company listing twice

## Solution
A browser extension which:
- Surfaces a "Hide Company" button on supported websites
- Hides job/company listing on click, on refresh, and across all websites

TODO: Demo video goes here

## Supported Websites
- Wellfound (fka AngelList)
- Work at a Startup
- Tech Jobs for Good
- Climatebase
- Want to get support for more? [Open an issue][] or [send me an email at todd@twolfson.com](mailto:todd@twolfson.com)

[Open an issue]: https://github.com/twolfson/job-search-assist/issues

## Installation
We don't know how relatable this problem is to other people. As a result, the setup and update process is janky:

1. Install [Greasemonkey][]
    - If you are not using [Firefox][], let me know and I can add support for [Violentmonkey][]
2. Click on the "Greasemonkey" icon
3. Click "New user script..."
4. Open <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/twolfson/job-search-assist/main/script.js>
5. Copy the content into our New User Script
6. Type Ctrl+S or Cmd+S to save the script
7. Navigate to <https://www.techjobsforgood.com/> and verify the new "Hide Company" button appears

If we get enough adoption, then I can formalize this into a proper web extension (just has more upfront development effort).

[Greasemonkey]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/
[Violentmonkey]: https://violentmonkey.github.io/get-it/

## Updates
To update to the latest version:

1. Click on the "Greasemonkey" icon
2. Click on "Job Search Assist (JSA)"
3. Click on "Edit"
4. Repeat steps 4-7 from "Installation"

## Development
Development is somewhat janky as well, but faster than iterating with build steps and pressing a "Reload" button

- Edit either (locally + copy content to Greasemonkey) OR edit directly inside of Greasemonkey
- When ready to commit, copy content to local editor and commit changes

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint via `npm run lint` and test via `npm test`.

## Unlicense
As of May 28 2023, Todd Wolfson has released this repository and its contents to the public domain.

It has been released under the [UNLICENSE][].

[UNLICENSE]: UNLICENSE
